okay see right here you go where the
cops are we get there knock out two
windows then all you want is to get
these two boards it's all right if you
have another one so then you go right
here you should jump right there then
jump again and then jump all the way to
the top right here now you can stay here
and that one Julia her but you go sprint
jump to their a man-friend jump to hear
go in the middle and then they can't
hurt you so watch a lot of times they
don't have to break through that window
from the a couple times that's perfect
right there cuz but yeah let's see they
all just go right here that is perfect
should just shoot but you know you're
gonna have to get back down there so I
think it all works when all boards are
right there but just in case try to do
this in the beginning but by a good gun
then see ya wait if you go to the edge
then we'll get hurt thank you oh well
yeah that's the glitch thanks for
watching this is my cash bed thank you
alright so here's another glitch it's on
kino gear something um so yeah so here's
a slip for it to load up alright so
we're gonna want to do you have to have
two people for this alright so first
person is going to go look at the bottom
string you're gonna go right out this
right here is gonna go push up to the
wall and then crouch and then look to
left and then what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna run up here and I'm gonna go and
just push up against East evenings and
then you just wait
see see they're not coming for me what
Baloo and make sure you can look around
and the guy on the bottom can look
around too you just can't move and they
will all just group up right around here
and then we deeply continue so yeah um
yeah see there's like walking around
they don't know what to do so like for
once I'm coming up since look see he
doesn't know what to do he sits there
dig trust me they won't okay now he just
moved out her glitch so watch your move
out Brandon and then here we go so yeah